= Overview
TwitterType is a basic utility that analyses a Twitter user's tweets and
determine what type of Tweeter the user is.  The set of types identified are:

[:+chatter+] most tweets are in response to tweets by other Twitter users
[:+linker+] most tweets include links to URLs
[:+retweeter+] most tweets are forwarding on other people's tweets
[:+originator+] most tweets are original content, not containing links, retweets or responses
[:+unknown_inconclusive+] no strong trends to base type on.
[:+unknown_silent+] no tweets found in last 7 days
[:+unknown_protected_user+] user has not granted public access to tweets

= Usage

Simply run the twitter_type.rb file passing the Twitter screen name of the person you wish to analyse.
The analysis of this persons most tweets from the last 7 days will be displayed.

For example:

  ruby twitter_type.rb APlusK
  APlusK: type :linker, #tweets 20, #replies 1, #retweets 5, #links 7

To analyse multiple Twitter user's, simply pass each on the command line.  For example:

  ruby twitter_type.rb APlusK BillGates EvaLongoria
  APlusK: type :originator, #tweets 20, #replies 1, #retweets 5, #links 6
  BillGates: type :linker, #tweets 19, #replies 1, #retweets 2, #links 11
  EvaLongoria: type :linker, #tweets 19, #replies 3, #retweets 1, #links 11

= Notes

* The Twitter screen name parameter is case insensitive.
* Each tweet will only be classified as one of a link, retweet, reply or original tweet.  For example, a retweet containing a link is just a retweet and not both.

= Copyright
Copyright (c) 2010 Andy Marks, released under the MIT license
